individuals, friends, and or faculty that were
notable in your student days that if they were
right here that you'd want to pat them on the back
and thank them? A lot of them, yes. Who were they?
The names I told you earlier. All right. What about
some, were there some close buddies? Yeah. I
suspect I was very close to my roommate in college.
I told him the name of Harry Cordua. Spell that.
C-O-R-D-U-A.
He was
reared in Nicaragua, but he had American
citizenship.
He was in Nicaragua when the Sandinistas killed
him.
Now, how was he accepted as a student by the other
students here? Well, he had certain personality
traits that sort of came through, and as a result
they accepted him, but he was never in a really
pushy, outgoing situation. He struggled in his
coursework somewhat. He was not really the
military type.
He never finished with OCS.
Let's make believe that someone today gave you a
check for a million dollars and there was only one
restriction on it that you had to pass it on to Texas
A&M but you could decide the use of the million
dollars. What would you have A&M do with your gift
of a million dollars?
Now you're bringing me up to date.
I think
that I would give a million dollars. I would like to
see something in terms of the social sciences, not
economics, not business. more in the area of
philosophy, history, and that might be ingrained
into the College of Agriculture and Life
Sciences, and find some way to do that. Now, that
probably means a chair.
Does anybody else do that now? Any other ag school
that you know of? Anybody? There are faculty
members who are in
positions of colleges of agriculture. We had Paul
Thompson. Lost him because... But somehow to fix
that thing because... Just when you do it as a dean
or something else, it becomes, shall we use the
term, ephemeral?
Okay, last question then of this about your
student days. What feelings do you hold for Texas
A&M in your heart now?
Describe how you feel about A&M.
Well, most of my life has been spent here. I think
this is a wonderful place. I think it has great
opportunity. I'd like to see its progress.
I have a great deal of affection for this
university.
I don't use the terminology that a lot of people
were doing at my age, you know, went through, this
is the greatest place in the whole world. No, it is
not the greatest place in all the world.
But it is the greatest place, but it has been a place
that has grown and developed from when I was here,
it was a small undergraduate
program to a major significant factor in the
economy of this country and in the lives of lots of
people. And it's that growth ability that I've
seen through the years, the fact that it has
climbed, maybe by its bootstraps, But it's that
ability that it has, that it's hired people like
Haskell Monroe who left ways of doing it.
I don't know that I'm entirely comfortable with
the direction it's going, but I have long decided
that my age, the young people of this
just as long as they begin to see
where we can go and what we can do. And it's how do we
find ways in which
the land grant university is going to be entirely
different from what it was back then. The
Land-Grant University
has a significant factor was access. Anybody
could come.
If you could maintain that, it is a significant
factor of service to people.
But again, I guess it's that good old Aggie
confidence, self-confidence.
that I see possible here more than any other place
except the larger, the more prestigious
universities where they have this image and they
can do this image. Maybe we can build an image at
Texas A&M and do the same thing. I hope the people
will do it. That's my feeling of Texas A&M.